hi i'm jeff g and we're the soul
searching sister and today what are we
making relating be beba it's actually
not an elaborate dish I mean a lot of
people at home would take whatever
leftover they have and just bumpkin and
then they mix it up even means mix oh my
i means right so it's very colorful here
yeah let's go over all the ingredients
we have bean sprout we have an onion we
have a carrot single wash yep we have
some mushroom you think we've it's a
spinach okay so we have a little bit of
sugar to go with the knife and we're
going to sprinkle a little bit on air
I'm marinates it'll and we're gonna put
in some soy sauce okay and I Danny night
and um a little bit of sesame oil SME we
bought this little market the other day
I recognize that we had toasted sesame
seed put your gun for the video um love
it and basically we're going to stir fry
a few of these things and we're gonna
boil and Blanche and some of these
things stop beating I know they're
hungry they're good raw it works ok so
we boil the rice we showed you how to do
that a few episodes ago and we have that
waiting on the side so it's nice and
warm waiting I couldn't like finish the
other spinach I'm just gonna boil the
finish it's whatever you want it doesn't
really matter if you ever heard of the
rabbit yes it's a no you dirty dirty
lines my oh okay this is the rabbit this
is a girl's best friend oh my oh my
opening up out yeah explain to you a
little bit of the wine pairing with the
bibimbap basically Baby Bop has so many
mishmash of flavors that a white a wine
drinker and a red wine drinker will can
choose either it doesn't matter your
white wine drinker Sauvignon Blanc will
go great with this meal or you can go
with a red wine I would say a cab would
be the best because it's very it's a
medium-bodied the Roman is so
easy the rabbit the Roberts the rabbit
is easy you know I'm kind of giving up
on my hair Sarah but this is very
important easy oh my god it's totally
ruining our show you to the technician
so we have another wine opener I'm just
going to boil the egg plans quickly okay
okay tourney kind of translucent the
works a little bit of oil okay and we're
just using a canola oils so we're going
to go with it first with the I really
add a little bit of salt juliennes
carrots mushroom yeah little bit on top
about it this dish I mean just put
whatever you want whatever vegetable how
it doesn't have to be you know what we
have here you don't have to follow this
recipe exactly how many wine gadgets in
my house that doesn't make me an
alcoholic I promise for the spinach
we're going to put a little bit of um
sesame oil a little bit of sesame you
broke this thing no you did you just
opened it Oh little bit salt ooh for
this guy same thing sesame oil sesame
and salt I'm going to put a little bit
of okay chili powder on this one if you
really don't want to like mess with this
cook some of these all together you go
yeah we're cooking the meat now the Mesa
marinating they've been cutting and
slaving away sauteing all the vegetables
my leg up to this okay for the egg
you're gonna add a little bit of oil
sleeping don't delay it because you're
gonna do the egg sunny-side up because
it looks better I'm just gonna prepare
the butcher done we're gonna spice it up
a little bit oh wow it smells so good I
love ho jee jaan hold you down cheers
and now it's time to assemble everything
all right magically so you have your
face of rice so you're going to add
color assemble it Cameron be proud
spinach onion like the Moffs so there's
a day and then egg oh the gochujang
sauce Gucci comes on all this first
right in the middle like middle of the
Sun lop lop in the middle so you're
gonna mix it all up oh yeah yeah wowzers
so that's how you make a big talk about
professional style and it all up drink
enjoy with your Salvage on Guam or your
cabernet sauvignon low all right either
way that is everything that
so so thank you Jay ever seen a time on
the soul searching sister bye